c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\LinqKit.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Common.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Data.Common.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Data.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Models.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Models.Mappings.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Common.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Data.Common.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Data.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Models.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\LinqKit.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\bin\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Models.Mappings.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\obj\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\obj\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core\obj\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Business.Core.pdb
