c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\XpnMarketPlace.Api.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\XpnMarketPlace.Api.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\obj\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Api.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\XpnMarketPlace\XpnMarketPlace.Api\obj\Debug\XpnMarketPlace.Api.pdb
